README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Implement Sentry - securing the app

README.md, after:

🤖 Introduction
A healthcare patient management application that allows patients to easily register, book, and manage their appointments with doctors, featuring administrative tools for scheduling, confirming, and canceling appointments, all build using Next.js.

⚙️ Tech Stack

- Next.js
- Appwrite
- Typescript
- TailwindCSS
- ShadCN

🔋 Features
👉 Register as a Patient: Users can sign up and create a personal profile as a patient.

👉 Book a New Appointment with Doctor: Patients can schedule appointments with doctors at their convenience and can book multiple appointments.

👉 Manage Appointments on Admin Side: Administrators can efficiently view and handle all scheduled appointments.

👉 Confirm/Schedule Appointment from Admin Side: Admins can confirm and set appointment times to ensure they are properly scheduled.

👉 Cancel Appointment from Admin Side: Administrators have the ability to cancel any appointment as needed.

👉 Complete Responsiveness: The application works seamlessly on all device types and screen sizes.

👉 File Upload Using Appwrite Storage: Users can upload and store files securely within the app using Appwrite storage services.

👉 Manage and Track Application Performance Using Sentry: The application uses Sentry to monitor and track its performance and detect any errors.

and many more, including code architecture and reusability.

[public/carepulse.jpg]
